website/docs: improve email authenticator docs (#23226)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/authenticator_email/index.md

- **From address**: sender address used for enrollment emails.
- **Token expiry**: how long the one-time code stays valid.
- **Subject**: subject line for the enrollment email.
- **Template**: email template used for the one-time code email. See [Custom templates](#custom-templates) below.
- **Authenticator type name**: optional friendly name shown to the user in self-service settings.
- **Configuration flow**: optional authenticated flow that lets users enroll this authenticator from user settings.

For SMTP requirements and global email delivery settings, see [Email configuration](../../../../install-config/email.mdx).

## Custom templates

> This stage supports custom email templates the same way the [Email stage](../email/index.md#custom-templates) does. Mount your custom templates into authentik's template directory and they become selectable in the stage's **Template** dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This stage supports custom email templates in the same way as the [Email stage](../email/index.md#custom-templates). Mount your custom templates into authentik's template directory, and they will appear in the stage's **Template** dropdown.
```

> For the full mounting instructions (Docker Compose and Kubernetes), the available template variables, and an example template, see [Custom templates](../email/index.md#custom-templates) in the Email stage documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the full mounting instructions (Docker Compose and Kubernetes), a list of available template variables, and an example template, see [Custom templates](../email/index.md#custom-templates) in the Email stage documentation.
```

:::info

> If a custom template does not appear in the **Template** selector, check the worker logs. Templates are discovered when the stage configuration form loads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a custom template does not appear in the **Template** selector, check the worker container logs. Templates are discovered when the stage configuration form loads.
```
